[Music]
it's the end of the dry season in
samburu
in the distance clouds are forming but
no rain's fallen on the reserve itself
for several months
[Music]
these last weeks before the rain will be
a tough time for hamatan and baby breeze
like all the other animals here they're
now dependent on the river
the only source of water
[Music]
only a few hours after the sun rises
temperatures are soaring
looking after a tiny vulnerable calf in
the peak of the dry season is a real
challenge
overheating and sunstroke are real
dangers for a calf
breeze appears to walk in her mother's
shadow for protection
but she's already tired and as
temperatures reach 30 degrees
harmatan decides to seek out shade
before they reach the river
not all the winds family are happy about
the newest arrival
buster is breezy's older brother he's
five and should be much more independent
by now
but because her last calf died he's
remained strongly attached to his mother
and carried on suckling until breeze
appeared
he's massive compared to most elephants
his age and has become something of a
mummy's boy
bastard is basically a very spoiled calf
and i've seen this not just with basta
when they see a new brother or sister
coming in
they are quite jealous but obviously
females would not let that happen
he's jealous of the attention and milk
baby breeze is getting
slipping sneakily behind his mother he
tries to get between her
and baby breeze
this could mean trouble
breeze is now hamatan's priority and
she's determined to protect her
it's a hard lesson for buster but he
must learn to be independent
[Music]
you